.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH DYNAMO 1 "February 1, 2005"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
dynamo \- Dynamo translator
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B dynamo
.RI [options]
.RB system.dynamo [...]
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B  nds
command.
.PP




.SH EXAMPLES


To have Dynamo translate file 
.I morris-lecar.dynamo
to RTXI code:

.P
	dynamo --rtxi  morris-lecar.dynamo
.P


.SH OPTIONS
A summary of options is included below. For a complete description,
see the
.IR "Dynamo Reference Manual".

.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show a short message that briefly describes the options.
.TP
.B \-\-version, \-\-release 
Show version information.
.TP
.B \-o [FILE],  \-\-output[=FILE]
Set the prefix of the output file(s).
.TP
.B  \-e [FILE],  \-\-error\-output[=FILE]
Redirect error messages to file.
.TP
.B  \-\-eqdfg[=FILE]
Output the equation DFG to file.
.TP
.B  \-r [FILE],  \-\-mrci[=FILE]
Output MRCI model description to file.
.TP
.B  \-x [FILE],  \-\-rtxi[=FILE]
Output RTXI model description to file.

.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Ivan Raikov <raikov@cc.gatech.edu>.

.SH SEE ALSO
.br
The  full documentation for Dynamo is maintained as a Texinfo manual. See
.IR "Dynamo Reference Manual" 
