.TH comedi_config 8 ""
.SH NAME
\fBcomedi_config\fR - COMEDI configuration utility
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBcomedi_config\fR [-vVq] /dev/comediN <driver>
[<option1>[,<option2>...]]
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBcomedi_config\fR is used to configure \fBcomedi\fR drivers.
You must have \fBcomedi\fR support compiled
into your kernel or loaded as a separate module in order
to use this utility.
Each control and measurement device is associated with a
particular \fBcomedi\fR device file \fB/dev/comedi\fRN, where
N is 0,1,2,3, etc.
\fBComedi_config\fR allows you to associate a particular
driver and device with a \fBcomedi\fR device file, and also
configure driver parameters for the particular device.

\fBComedi_config\fR can be used with optional
parameters which are driver dependent.  Parameters are
specified by comma-delimited list of integers.  The integers
may be expressed as decimal, hexidecimal (starting with 0x)
or octal (stating with 0).  In addition, a parameter may be
left blank, indicating 0.  PCI-based devices typically
require no parameters, although some allow you to specify
the bus and slot of the card to configure
as the first two parameters.
ISA-based devices typically use
the first and second parameters to indicate I/O base
address and interrupt level.

More information about the parameters required by individual
drivers can be found in the \fBcomedi\fR documentation, in
the file \fBdrivers.txt\fR.



.SH OPTIONS

\fBcomedi_config\fR recognizes the following options:

\fB-q, --quiet\fR	don't print output while running.

\fB-v, --verbose\fR	print verbose output while running.

\fB-V, --version\fR	print version number and exit.

\fB-r, --remove\fR	remove previously configured driver.

.TP
.BI "--read-buffer " "num"
set read buffer size to
.I num
kilobytes.  The default size is 64k.

.TP
.BI "--write-buffer " "num"
set write buffer size to
.I num
kilobytes.  The default size is 64k.

.TP
.BI "-i, --init-data, --init-data0 " "file"
upload initialization data (typically firmware) from 
.I file
to board.

.TP
.BI "--init-data1 " "file"
.TP
.BI "--init-data2 " "file"
.TP
.BI "--init-data3 " "file"
Some drivers require more than one file for initialization 
data.  Use these
options to specify additional initialization data files.  
See the driver-specific documentation for further details.


.SH CONFIGURATION FILE

[This section has not been implemented yet.]

A list of device configurations can be put into the file
\fB/etc/comedi.conf\fR.  This file takes the form

	<device> <driver> <param1>,<param2>,...

These configurations will be read and performed when the
switch \fB-a\fR is used.  This is potentially useful when
run from an initialization script.

.SH EXAMPLES

A National Instruments PCI-MIO E series board can be
configured to use /dev/comedi0 using the command:

	comedi_config /dev/comedi0 ni_pcimio

A National Instruments AT-MIO E series board can be
configured to use /dev/comedi3 using the command:

	comedi_config /dev/comedi3 ni_atmio 0x220,3

This tells the driver that the board is configured
for I/O base 0x220 and IRQ 3.

.SH ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Additional text documentation can be found in /usr/doc/comedilib-0.7.11.
The current version of \fBComedi\fR and \fBComedilib\fR can be
obtained from ftp://ftp.comedi.org/pub/comedi.  The Comedi web site
is located at http://www.comedi.org/comedi.

.SH SEE ALSO

\fBcomedi\fR(7) 

.SH VERSION

0.7.x

.SH AUTHOR

David Schleef, <ds@schleef.org>

